CHANGELOG.md
CONTRIBUTING.md
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pip-delete-this-directory.txt
requirements-dev.txt
requirements.txt
setup.cfg
setup.py
jupyter-config/jupyter_notebook_config.d/jupytext.json
jupyter-config/jupyter_server_config.d/jupytext.json
jupyter-config/nbconfig/notebook.d/jupytext.json
jupytext/__init__.py
jupytext/cell_metadata.py
jupytext/cell_reader.py
jupytext/cell_to_text.py
jupytext/cli.py
jupytext/combine.py
jupytext/compare.py
jupytext/contentsmanager.py
jupytext/formats.py
jupytext/header.py
jupytext/jupytext.py
jupytext/kernels.py
jupytext/languages.py
jupytext/magics.py
jupytext/metadata_filter.py
jupytext/myst.py
jupytext/paired_paths.py
jupytext/pandoc.py
jupytext/pep8.py
jupytext/reraise.py
jupytext/stringparser.py
jupytext/version.py
jupytext.egg-info/PKG-INFO
jupytext.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
jupytext.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
jupytext.egg-info/entry_points.txt
jupytext.egg-info/requires.txt
jupytext.egg-info/top_level.txt
jupytext/nbextension/README.md
jupytext/nbextension/index.js
jupytext/nbextension/jupytext.yml
jupytext/nbextension/jupytext_menu.png
jupytext/nbextension/jupytext_menu_zoom.png
packages/labextension/.gitignore
packages/labextension/LICENSE
packages/labextension/README.md
packages/labextension/jupyterlab-jupytext-1.2.1.tgz
packages/labextension/jupytext_commands.png
packages/labextension/package.json
packages/labextension/tsconfig.json
packages/labextension/lib/index.d.ts
packages/labextension/lib/index.js
packages/labextension/src/index.ts
tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.pyc
tests/conftest.py
tests/test_active_cells.py
tests/test_auto_ext.py
tests/test_black.py
tests/test_cell_metadata.py
tests/test_cells.py
tests/test_cli.py
tests/test_combine.py
tests/test_compare.py
tests/test_contentsmanager.py
tests/test_escape_magics.py
tests/test_execute.py
tests/test_formats.py
tests/test_header.py
tests/test_hide_remove_input_outputs_rmarkdown.py
tests/test_ipynb_to_R.py
tests/test_ipynb_to_myst.py
tests/test_ipynb_to_py.py
tests/test_ipynb_to_rmd.py
tests/test_jupytext_errors.py
tests/test_jupytext_nbconvert_round_trip.py
tests/test_jupytext_read.py
tests/test_knitr_spin.py
tests/test_load_multiple.py
tests/test_metadata_filter.py
tests/test_mirror.py
tests/test_paired_paths.py
tests/test_pep8.py
tests/test_preserve_empty_cells.py
tests/test_pytest.py
tests/test_read_all_py.py
tests/test_read_dotnet_try_markdown.py
tests/test_read_folding_markers.py
tests/test_read_incomplete_rmd.py
tests/test_read_simple_R.py
tests/test_read_simple_clojure.py
tests/test_read_simple_csharp.py
tests/test_read_simple_hydrogen.py
tests/test_read_simple_ipynb.py
tests/test_read_simple_julia.py
tests/test_read_simple_markdown.py
tests/test_read_simple_matlab.py
tests/test_read_simple_nomarker.py
tests/test_read_simple_pandoc.py
tests/test_read_simple_percent.py
tests/test_read_simple_python.py
tests/test_read_simple_rmd.py
tests/test_read_simple_rust.py
tests/test_read_simple_scheme.py
tests/test_read_simple_sphinx.py
tests/test_read_write_functions.py
tests/test_rmd_to_ipynb.py
tests/test_save_multiple.py
tests/test_stringparser.py
tests/test_trust_notebook.py
tests/test_unicode.py
tests/test_using_cli.py
tests/test_write_does_not_modify_notebook.py
tests/utils.py
tests/utils.pyc
tests/notebooks/R/simple_r_script.R
tests/notebooks/R_spin/knitr-spin.R
tests/notebooks/Rmd/R_sample.Rmd
tests/notebooks/Rmd/chunk_options.Rmd
tests/notebooks/Rmd/ioslides.Rmd
tests/notebooks/Rmd/knitr-spin.Rmd
tests/notebooks/Rmd/markdown.Rmd
tests/notebooks/hydrogen/hydrogen_latex_html_R_magics.py
tests/notebooks/ipynb_R/R notebook with invalid cell keys.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_R/ir_notebook.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_bash/sample_bash_notebook.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_clojure/html-demo.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_cpp/xcpp_by_quantstack.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_cs/csharp.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_fs/fsharp.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_idl/demo_gdl_fbp.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_js/ijavascript.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_julia/julia_benchmark_plotly_barchart.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_julia/julia_functional_geometry.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_m/octave_notebook.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_ps1/powershell.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/Line_breaks_in_LateX_305.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/Notebook with function and cell metadata 164.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/Notebook with html and latex cells.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/Notebook with many hash signs.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/Notebook with metadata and long cells.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/Notebook_with_R_magic.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/Notebook_with_more_R_magic_111.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/The flavors of raw cells.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/cat_variable.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/convert_to_py_then_test_with_update83.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/frozen_cell.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/jupyter.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/jupyter_again.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/jupyter_with_raw_cell_in_body.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/jupyter_with_raw_cell_on_top.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/notebook_with_complex_metadata.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/nteract_with_parameter.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/sample_rise_notebook_66.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_py/text_outputs_and_images.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_q/kalman_filter_and_visualization.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_robot/simple_robot_notebook.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_rust/evcxr_jupyter_tour.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_scala/simple_scala_notebook.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_scheme/Reference Guide for Calysto Scheme.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_sos/jupytext_replication.ipynb
tests/notebooks/ipynb_ts/itypescript.ipynb
tests/notebooks/julia/julia_sample_script.jl
tests/notebooks/md/jupytext_markdown.md
tests/notebooks/md/plain_markdown.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/Rmd_to_ipynb/R_sample.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/Rmd_to_ipynb/chunk_options.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/Rmd_to_ipynb/ioslides.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/Rmd_to_ipynb/knitr-spin.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/Rmd_to_ipynb/markdown.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/Line_breaks_in_LateX_305.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/Notebook with function and cell metadata 164.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/Notebook with html and latex cells.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/Notebook with many hash signs.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/Notebook with metadata and long cells.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/Notebook_with_R_magic.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/Notebook_with_more_R_magic_111.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/R notebook with invalid cell keys.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/Reference Guide for Calysto Scheme.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/The flavors of raw cells.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/World population.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/cat_variable.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/convert_to_py_then_test_with_update83.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/csharp.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/demo_gdl_fbp.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/evcxr_jupyter_tour.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/frozen_cell.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/fsharp.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/html-demo.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/ijavascript.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/ir_notebook.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/itypescript.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/julia_benchmark_plotly_barchart.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/julia_functional_geometry.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/jupyter.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/jupyter_again.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/jupyter_with_raw_cell_in_body.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/jupyter_with_raw_cell_on_top.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/jupytext_replication.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/kalman_filter_and_visualization.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/notebook_with_complex_metadata.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/nteract_with_parameter.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/octave_notebook.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/plotly_graphs.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/powershell.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/sample_bash_notebook.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/sample_rise_notebook_66.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/simple_robot_notebook.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/simple_scala_notebook.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/text_outputs_and_images.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_Rmd/xcpp_by_quantstack.Rmd
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/Line_breaks_in_LateX_305.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/Notebook with function and cell metadata 164.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/Notebook with html and latex cells.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/Notebook with many hash signs.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/Notebook with metadata and long cells.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/Notebook_with_R_magic.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/Notebook_with_more_R_magic_111.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/R notebook with invalid cell keys.R
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/Reference Guide for Calysto Scheme.ss
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/The flavors of raw cells.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/World population.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/cat_variable.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/convert_to_py_then_test_with_update83.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/csharp.cs
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/demo_gdl_fbp.pro
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/evcxr_jupyter_tour.rs
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/frozen_cell.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/fsharp.fsx
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/html-demo.clj
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/ijavascript.js
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/ir_notebook.R
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/itypescript.ts
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/julia_benchmark_plotly_barchart.jl
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/julia_functional_geometry.jl
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/jupyter.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/jupyter_again.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/jupyter_with_raw_cell_in_body.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/jupyter_with_raw_cell_on_top.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/jupytext_replication.sos
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/kalman_filter_and_visualization.q
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/notebook_with_complex_metadata.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/nteract_with_parameter.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/octave_notebook.m
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/plotly_graphs.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/powershell.ps1
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/sample_bash_notebook.sh
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/sample_rise_notebook_66.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/simple_robot_notebook.robot
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/simple_scala_notebook.scala
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/text_outputs_and_images.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_hydrogen/xcpp_by_quantstack.cpp
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/Line_breaks_in_LateX_305.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/Notebook with function and cell metadata 164.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/Notebook with html and latex cells.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/Notebook with many hash signs.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/Notebook with metadata and long cells.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/Notebook_with_R_magic.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/Notebook_with_more_R_magic_111.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/R notebook with invalid cell keys.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/Reference Guide for Calysto Scheme.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/The flavors of raw cells.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/World population.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/cat_variable.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/convert_to_py_then_test_with_update83.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/csharp.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/demo_gdl_fbp.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/evcxr_jupyter_tour.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/frozen_cell.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/fsharp.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/html-demo.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/ijavascript.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/ir_notebook.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/itypescript.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/julia_benchmark_plotly_barchart.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/julia_functional_geometry.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/jupyter.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/jupyter_again.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/jupyter_with_raw_cell_in_body.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/jupyter_with_raw_cell_on_top.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/jupytext_replication.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/kalman_filter_and_visualization.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/notebook_with_complex_metadata.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/nteract_with_parameter.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/octave_notebook.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/plotly_graphs.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/powershell.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/sample_bash_notebook.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/sample_rise_notebook_66.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/simple_robot_notebook.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/simple_scala_notebook.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/text_outputs_and_images.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_md/xcpp_by_quantstack.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/Line_breaks_in_LateX_305.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/Notebook with function and cell metadata 164.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/Notebook with html and latex cells.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/Notebook with many hash signs.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/Notebook with metadata and long cells.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/Notebook_with_R_magic.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/Notebook_with_more_R_magic_111.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/R notebook with invalid cell keys.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/Reference Guide for Calysto Scheme.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/The flavors of raw cells.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/World population.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/cat_variable.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/convert_to_py_then_test_with_update83.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/csharp.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/demo_gdl_fbp.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/evcxr_jupyter_tour.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/frozen_cell.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/fsharp.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/ijavascript.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/ir_notebook.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/itypescript.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/julia_benchmark_plotly_barchart.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/jupyter.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/jupyter_again.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/jupyter_with_raw_cell_in_body.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/jupyter_with_raw_cell_on_top.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/jupytext_replication.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/kalman_filter_and_visualization.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/notebook_with_complex_metadata.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/nteract_with_parameter.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/octave_notebook.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/plotly_graphs.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/powershell.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/sample_bash_notebook.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/sample_rise_notebook_66.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/simple_robot_notebook.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/simple_scala_notebook.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_myst/text_outputs_and_images.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/Notebook_with_R_magic.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/Notebook_with_more_R_magic_111.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/World population.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/cat_variable.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/convert_to_py_then_test_with_update83.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/frozen_cell.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/ir_notebook.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/julia_benchmark_plotly_barchart.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/jupyter.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/jupyter_again.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/jupyter_with_raw_cell_in_body.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/jupyter_with_raw_cell_on_top.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/notebook_with_complex_metadata.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/nteract_with_parameter.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/plotly_graphs.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/sample_rise_notebook_66.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_pandoc/text_outputs_and_images.md
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/Line_breaks_in_LateX_305.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/Notebook with function and cell metadata 164.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/Notebook with html and latex cells.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/Notebook with many hash signs.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/Notebook with metadata and long cells.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/Notebook_with_R_magic.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/Notebook_with_more_R_magic_111.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/R notebook with invalid cell keys.R
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/R notebook with invalid cell keys.low.r
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/Reference Guide for Calysto Scheme.scm
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/Reference Guide for Calysto Scheme.ss
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/The flavors of raw cells.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/World population.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/cat_variable.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/convert_to_py_then_test_with_update83.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/csharp.cs
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/demo_gdl_fbp.pro
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/evcxr_jupyter_tour.rs
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/frozen_cell.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/fsharp.fsx
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/html-demo.clj
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/ijavascript.js
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/ir_notebook.R
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/ir_notebook.low.r
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/itypescript.ts
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/julia_benchmark_plotly_barchart.jl
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/julia_functional_geometry.jl
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/jupyter.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/jupyter_again.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/jupyter_with_raw_cell_in_body.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/jupyter_with_raw_cell_on_top.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/jupytext_replication.sos
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/kalman_filter_and_visualization.q
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/notebook_with_complex_metadata.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/nteract_with_parameter.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/octave_notebook.m
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/plotly_graphs.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/powershell.ps1
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/sample_bash_notebook.sh
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/sample_rise_notebook_66.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/simple_robot_notebook.robot
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/simple_scala_notebook.scala
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/text_outputs_and_images.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_percent/xcpp_by_quantstack.cpp
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/Line_breaks_in_LateX_305.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/Notebook with function and cell metadata 164.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/Notebook with html and latex cells.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/Notebook with metadata and long cells.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/Notebook_with_R_magic.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/Notebook_with_more_R_magic_111.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/R notebook with invalid cell keys.R
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/R notebook with invalid cell keys.low.r
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/Reference Guide for Calysto Scheme.scm
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/Reference Guide for Calysto Scheme.ss
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/The flavors of raw cells.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/World population.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/cat_variable.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/convert_to_py_then_test_with_update83.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/csharp.cs
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/demo_gdl_fbp.pro
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/evcxr_jupyter_tour.rs
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/frozen_cell.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/fsharp.fsx
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/html-demo.clj
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/ijavascript.js
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/ir_notebook.R
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/ir_notebook.low.r
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/itypescript.ts
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/julia_benchmark_plotly_barchart.jl
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/julia_functional_geometry.jl
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/jupyter.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/jupyter_again.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/jupyter_with_raw_cell_in_body.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/jupyter_with_raw_cell_on_top.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/jupytext_replication.sos
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/kalman_filter_and_visualization.q
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/notebook_with_complex_metadata.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/nteract_with_parameter.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/octave_notebook.m
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/plotly_graphs.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/powershell.ps1
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/sample_bash_notebook.sh
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/sample_rise_notebook_66.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/simple_robot_notebook.robot
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/simple_scala_notebook.scala
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/text_outputs_and_images.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script/xcpp_by_quantstack.cpp
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/Line_breaks_in_LateX_305.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/Notebook with function and cell metadata 164.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/Notebook with html and latex cells.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/Notebook with many hash signs.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/Notebook with metadata and long cells.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/Notebook_with_R_magic.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/Notebook_with_more_R_magic_111.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/The flavors of raw cells.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/World population.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/cat_variable.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/convert_to_py_then_test_with_update83.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/frozen_cell.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/jupyter.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/jupyter_again.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/jupyter_with_raw_cell_in_body.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/jupyter_with_raw_cell_on_top.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/notebook_with_complex_metadata.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/nteract_with_parameter.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/plotly_graphs.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/sample_rise_notebook_66.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vim_folding_markers/text_outputs_and_images.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/Line_breaks_in_LateX_305.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/Notebook with function and cell metadata 164.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/Notebook with html and latex cells.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/Notebook with many hash signs.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/Notebook with metadata and long cells.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/Notebook_with_R_magic.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/Notebook_with_more_R_magic_111.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/The flavors of raw cells.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/World population.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/cat_variable.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/convert_to_py_then_test_with_update83.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/frozen_cell.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/jupyter.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/jupyter_again.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/jupyter_with_raw_cell_in_body.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/jupyter_with_raw_cell_on_top.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/notebook_with_complex_metadata.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/nteract_with_parameter.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/plotly_graphs.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/sample_rise_notebook_66.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_script_vscode_folding_markers/text_outputs_and_images.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_sphinx/Line_breaks_in_LateX_305.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_sphinx/World population.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_sphinx/cat_variable.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_sphinx/convert_to_py_then_test_with_update83.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_sphinx/jupyter.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_sphinx/jupyter_again.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_sphinx/notebook_with_complex_metadata.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_sphinx/nteract_with_parameter.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_sphinx/plotly_graphs.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_sphinx/sample_rise_notebook_66.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_sphinx/text_outputs_and_images.py
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_spin/R notebook with invalid cell keys.R
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_spin/R notebook with invalid cell keys.low.r
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_spin/ir_notebook.R
tests/notebooks/mirror/ipynb_to_spin/ir_notebook.low.r
tests/notebooks/mirror/md_to_ipynb/jupytext_markdown.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/md_to_ipynb/plain_markdown.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/script_to_ipynb/build.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/script_to_ipynb/hydrogen.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/script_to_ipynb/hydrogen_latex_html_R_magics.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/script_to_ipynb/julia_sample_script.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/script_to_ipynb/knitr-spin.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/script_to_ipynb/light_sample.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/script_to_ipynb/python_notebook_sample.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/script_to_ipynb/simple_r_script.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/sphinx-rst2md_to_ipynb/plot_notebook.ipynb
tests/notebooks/mirror/sphinx_to_ipynb/plot_notebook.ipynb
tests/notebooks/percent/hydrogen.py
tests/notebooks/ps1/build.ps1
tests/notebooks/python/light_sample.py
tests/notebooks/python/python_notebook_sample.py
tests/notebooks/sphinx/plot_notebook.py